example(rabbitmq):Add rabbitmq connector example (#316)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: connectors/rabbitmq/README.md

# RabbitMQ Connector SDK Example

## Connector overview

> This connector syncs messages from RabbitMQ queues to Fivetran. The connector retrieves messages from specified queues using RabbitMQ's basic_get method, consuming messages after successful sync to prevent duplicate reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector syncs messages from RabbitMQ queues to Fivetran. The connector retrieves messages from specified queues using RabbitMQ's `basic_get` method. It consumes the messages only after a successful sync to prevent duplicate reads.
```

## Requirements
- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)
- Operating system:
  - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
  - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
  - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started
Refer to the [Connector SDK Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## Features
- Synchronizes messages from multiple RabbitMQ queues
- Captures complete message metadata including delivery tags, routing keys, headers, and timestamps
- Implements incremental sync with per-queue state tracking using delivery tags
- Configurable batch size for optimal performance
- Checkpointing every 500 messages for reliable sync resumption
- Supports CloudAMQP and self-hosted RabbitMQ deployments
- AMQPS/TLS support for secure communication

## Configuration file

> The configuration keys required for your connector are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```json
{
  "connection_url": "<YOUR_RABBITMQ_CONNECTION_URL>",
  "queues": "<YOUR_COMMA_SEPARATED_LIST_OF_RABBITMQ_QUEUES>",
  "batch_size": "<YOUR_BATCH_SIZE>"
}
```

> ## Configuration parameters

Author: this is not valid comment, as lot of the examples in the repo have ## Configuration parameters section

> ## Configuration parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration keys required for your connector are as follows:
```

The connector automatically handles AMQPS/TLS connections when using the `amqps://` protocol scheme.

## Data handling

**IMPORTANT WARNING**: Messages are permanently removed from RabbitMQ after successful sync. This connector CONSUMES messages using `basic_ack`, which deletes them from the queue. Only use this connector with dedicated analytical queues (dead letter queues, audit queues) - NEVER with production operational queues.

The connector performs message consumption and transformation. Refer to the `fetch_and_upsert_messages_batch` function for message handling:

- Queue discovery - Declares queues passively to verify existence and get message counts
- Message retrieval - Uses `basic_get` with `auto_ack=False` to fetch messages with manual acknowledgment
- Incremental filtering - Skips messages with delivery tags less than or equal to the last synced tag
- Message parsing - Handles different content types (application/json, text) with proper decoding
- Metadata extraction - Captures all RabbitMQ message properties (headers, routing keys, timestamps, delivery mode)
- Message consumption - Acknowledges messages with `basic_ack` after successful sync to prevent re-reading

> - Upsert operations - All records are upserted based on unique message_id (generated from queue, delivery_tag, and body hash)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upsert operations - All records are upserted based on a unique message_id (generated from queue, delivery_tag, and body hash)
```

- Channel error handling (`fetch_and_upsert_messages_batch`) - Handles AMQP channel errors during message retrieval
- Message parsing errors (`fetch_and_upsert_messages_batch`) - Gracefully handles message decoding failures with fallback to string representation
- Connection cleanup (`update` function finally block) - Ensures RabbitMQ connections are properly closed even on errors

## Tables created

The connector creates a separate table for each queue specified in configuration. Column types are automatically inferred by Fivetran based on the data. Each table includes the following columns:

| Column | Type | Description |
|--------|------|-------------|
| message_id | STRING | Unique message identifier (Primary Key) - hash of queue, delivery_tag, and body |
| delivery_tag | INT | RabbitMQ delivery tag for message ordering |
| queue_name | STRING | Source queue name |
| routing_key | STRING | Routing key used to deliver the message |
| exchange | STRING | Source exchange name |
| message_body | STRING | Message content (JSON or text) |
| content_type | STRING | Content type (e.g., application/json) |
| content_encoding | STRING | Content encoding (e.g., utf-8) |

> | delivery_mode | INT | 1=non-persistent, 2=persistent |

Reviewer: Description of the field is missing.
